What is differential privacy?
Differential privacy is a mathematical framework for quantifying the privacy of a set of
data so that we can guarantee the privacy of the individuals whose sensitive data we
want to analyze. Differential privacy aims to strike a balance between providing useful
information from a dataset and protecting the privacy of the individuals whose data it
contains.

How does differential privacy work?
Mathematically speaking, a database is a list of entries where each entry is the set of
answers to a collection of questions – like a table where the questions of a survey are
the columns and each row is a different person’s response survey response. A privacy
mechanism is a function that acts on our database and changes some of the entries so
that we can no longer identify a particular individual’s survey response. Roughly
speaking, a privacy mechanism is $\epsilon$-differentially private for every pair of
databases that differ in only one entry and for all possible outputs of the privacy
mechanism and for all adversaries trying to access the data the ratio of the probabilities
of getting a certain answer to a query applied to the first dataset and getting that same
output from a query applied to the second dataset is very, very close to 1. This means
that if we ask the first data set a question we can expect to get a very similar answer to
what we would have gotten if we had asked the same answer to a different data set.
This can be very useful to us if one of our data sets is provably private!

What is $\epsilon$?
The Greek letter “epsilon” is our privacy parameter. It tells us how much the output of a
query can change when a single entry of the dataset is changed. We want epsilon to be
small, so that adding one persons data to the dataset doesn’t change it in a noticeable
way.

What is the sensitivity of a function?
The sensitivity of a function is the maximum difference in outputs in applying that
function to two datasets that differ in only one entry.


####JULIAN

For the header page before the main content we should have some title to display 
what the purpose or name of the webpage is. Then we need to start with some brief text explaining that 
they will be able to go through each portion of the webpage to explore how differential privacy, 
which is typically used for output privacy, can also be used to protect input data being submitted online 
before the organization receiving it receives it. This is local differential privacy and can 
help in situations where sensitive data is being collected and needs to be augmented before 
retrieval to better protect user privacy.

The image we discussed can also be added from the local vs global DP post by OpenMined 
(with a link sourcing it). This would supplement the information and we can essentially 
write that we will be mimicking the local DP process from that image.

We can then mention the definition of DP which Kat put, although I feel that parts of the text 
are too technical for our target audience. Further details can be in the help portions, where we 
can add a reference or link for more information (such as the slide on how it works, where we can 
also put a tiny blurb explaining local DP too).

At each page we can write a very brief header portion to outline what is being done on that page, 
with the question mark providing more context (such as “what is epsilon” or the sensitivity).